## Problem

There are several cards arranged in a row, and each card has an associated number of points. The points are given in the integer array cardPoints.

In one step, you can take one card from the beginning or from the end of the row. You have to take exactly k cards.

Your score is the sum of the points of the cards you have taken.

Given the integer array cardPoints and the integer k, return the maximum score you can obtain.

Example 1:

Input: cardPoints = [1,2,3,4,5,6,1], k = 3
Output: 12
Explanation: After the first step, your score will always be 1. However, choosing the rightmost card first will maximize your total score. The optimal strategy is to take the three cards on the right, giving a final score of 1 + 6 + 5 = 12.
Example 2:

Input: cardPoints = [2,2,2], k = 2
Output: 4
Explanation: Regardless of which two cards you take, your score will always be 4.
Example 3:

Input: cardPoints = [9,7,7,9,7,7,9], k = 7
Output: 55
Explanation: You have to take all the cards. Your score is the sum of points of all cards.

## Solution

You cant be greedy and just take the end with minimum value. in case of [1,2,3,4,5,6,1] if we took the 1 from left, we'd end up in a smaller total. We have to look beyond the immediate ends too.

Trick: we want to maximimze the "ends" of the array, given k picks. This is similar to finding the subarray with *minimum total* in the middle (with a fixed length len - k)! 

in case of [1,2,3,4,5,6,1], we find the subarray of length (7-k)=4 with min total is [1,2,3,4]. this means the rest of the array has maximum sum! We can find that by subtracting the subarray total from overall sum of the array.

How to find subarray of min total? This is NOT a dynamic subarray, but a subarray of fixed length so relatively easy. Just add from R, remove from L, and keep checking against res.

## Code

```python
class Solution:
    def maxScore(self, cardPoints: List[int], k: int) -> int:
        # initialize our subarray from 0 to len(s)-k
        L, R = 0, len(cardPoints) - k
        # initialize the windowSum from L to R
        windowSum = sum(cardPoints[:R])
        # compute the total of the array for later use
        total = sum(cardPoints)
        # initialize the result with the current window sum
        res = windowSum
        while R < len(cardPoints):
            # shift the window and update the windowSum
            windowSum = windowSum - cardPoints[L] + cardPoints[R]
            res = min(res, windowSum)
            L += 1
            R += 1
        return total - res
```