## Problem

The next greater element of some element x in an array is the first greater element that is to the right of x in the same array.

You are given two distinct 0-indexed integer arrays nums1 and nums2, where nums1 is a subset of nums2.

For each 0 <= i < nums1.length, find the index j such that nums1[i] == nums2[j] and determine the next greater element of nums2[j] in nums2. If there is no next greater element, then the answer for this query is -1.

Return an array ans of length nums1.length such that ans[i] is the next greater element as described above.

Example 1:

Input: nums1 = [4,1,2], nums2 = [1,3,4,2]
Output: [-1,3,-1]
Explanation: The next greater element for each value of nums1 is as follows:
- 4 is underlined in nums2 = [1,3,4,2]. There is no next greater element, so the answer is -1.
- 1 is underlined in nums2 = [1,3,4,2]. The next greater element is 3.
- 2 is underlined in nums2 = [1,3,4,2]. There is no next greater element, so the answer is -1.
Example 2:

Input: nums1 = [2,4], nums2 = [1,2,3,4]
Output: [3,-1]
Explanation: The next greater element for each value of nums1 is as follows:
- 2 is underlined in nums2 = [1,2,3,4]. The next greater element is 3.
- 4 is underlined in nums2 = [1,2,3,4]. There is no next greater element, so the answer is -1.

## Solution

For nums2 array create another array (or hashmap) pointing from the number to the next greater number to the right.

How do you do that?

You start from the right. Remember, you dont want to have the LARGEST number to the right of given number. But you want to have the NEXT LARGEST number to the right. e.g. [1, 3, 4, 2] -> [3, 4, -1, -1] (note that 1 maps to 3 and not 4, because 3 is closest).

You can get this using a stack. Iterate from right, this stack will contain the numbers greater than the given number, and the top of the stack will give you the "NEXT LARGEST" number, because it has been freshly added.

Init: nums2 = [1,3,4,2], stack = [-1]
iter1 (from right):num=2, stack=[-1] since -1 < 2, pop from stack. now for 2 we map the top of the stack (empty, hence -1). add 2 to the stack

iter2: num=4, stack=[2], since 4>2, pop from stack. 4 maps to -1. append 4 to stack
iter3: num=3, stack=[4], since 3<4, Dont pop. 3 maps to 4. append 3 to stack
iter4: num=1, stack=[4,3], since1<4, dont pop. 1 maps to 3. append 1 to stack. iteration complete so we done here.

Second step is simply to refill nums1 with the mapper.

## Code

```python
class Solution:
    def nextGreaterElement(self, nums1: List[int], nums2: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        stack = [-1]
        mapper = {}
        for R in range(len(nums2)-1, -1, -1):
            while stack and nums2[R] > stack[-1]:
                stack.pop()
            # now the top of the stack is the latest num
            # that is larger than nums[R]
            if stack:
                mapper[nums2[R]] = stack[-1]
            else:
                mapper[nums2[R]] = -1
            stack.append(nums2[R])
        
        for i in range(len(nums1)):
            nums1[i] = mapper.get(nums1[i], -1)
        return nums1
```
