## Problem

Given a string s, rearrange the characters of s so that any two adjacent characters are not the same.

Return any possible rearrangement of s or return "" if not possible.

Example 1:

Input: s = "aab"
Output: "aba"
Example 2:

Input: s = "aaab"
Output: ""

## Solution

Counter the string to get the counts of each alphabet

{"a":2, "b":1, "c":1}

Get the most frequent character and add to result string. Then add the second most frequent to the string.

Now again get the most frequent character and the second most frequent character and add to string.

### Approach 1 - Sorting

How to get the most frequent character? We can sort the dictionary, but we need to sort it every iteration. 

However, the length of the dictionary is fixed at 26 (number of alphabets) so we theoretically can use it.

### Approach 2 - MaxHeap

Heap is a data structure that is very suitable to this task.

Heap: building O(nlogn), getting max/min O(1), inserting O(1) on avg, O(logn) on worst case, deleting O(logn) avg.
in python, by default its a minheap, so multiply by -1 to get a maxHeap.

To ensure we dont reuse the same character getting appended (i.e. {a:2, b:1} translating to aab) we maintain a "prev" variable. we will avoid the latest used character so that we get "aba".

Whenever we pop the most frequent from heap, we store it in prev. Next iteration when we pop the most frequent, its actually the second most frequent since the actual most frequent is in prev. Now that actual most frequent is again added to the heap.

if the heap begins with {a:2, b:1, c:1} and prev = None and res = ""
iter1: res = "a", heap = {b:1, c:1}, prev={a:1}
iter2: res = "ab", heap= {a:1, c:1}, prev=None (since b is finished)
iter3: res = "aba", heap={c:1}, prev=None (since a is also finished)
iter4: res = "abac", heap={}, prev=None 
end of loop

How to check for the edge case where it is not possible to have a valid string? (e.g {a:3, b:1} cannot give you a valid string). in this case, we will have an empty heap but non-empty prev. if this happens, return False

## Code

```python
class Solution:
    def reorganizeString(self, s: str) -> str:
        import heapq
        from collections import Counter
        count = Counter(s)
        count = [[-1*j, i] for i, j in count.items()]
        heapq.heapify(count)
        # heap is built using first index
        # max heap with counts as the param

        res = ""
        prev = None
        while len(count)>0 or prev:
            # either heap to be nonempty or prev to be non-empty
            if len(count)==0 and prev is not None:
                # invalid string
                return ""
            
            # pop from the maxHeap
            freq, most_freq = heapq.heappop(count)
            res += most_freq # append to result
            freq += 1 # because we converted to -1 for maxHeap

            # if prev exists (i.e. the actual most frequent))
            # add to the heap
            if prev:
                heapq.heappush(count, prev)
            # if the frequency of the just added char is >0
            # update the prev
            if freq<0:
                prev = [freq, most_freq]
            else:
                prev = None
        return res
```