## Problem

You are given two string arrays creators and ids, and an integer array views, all of length n. The ith video on a platform was created by creators[i], has an id of ids[i], and has views[i] views.

The popularity of a creator is the sum of the number of views on all of the creator's videos. Find the creator with the highest popularity and the id of their most viewed video.

If multiple creators have the highest popularity, find all of them.
If multiple videos have the highest view count for a creator, find the lexicographically smallest id.
Note: It is possible for different videos to have the same id, meaning that ids do not uniquely identify a video. For example, two videos with the same ID are considered as distinct videos with their own viewcount.

Return a 2D array of strings answer where answer[i] = [creatorsi, idi] means that creatorsi has the highest popularity and idi is the id of their most popular video. The answer can be returned in any order.

Example 1:

Input: creators = ["alice","bob","alice","chris"], ids = ["one","two","three","four"], views = [5,10,5,4]

Output: [["alice","one"],["bob","two"]]

Explanation:

The popularity of alice is 5 + 5 = 10.
The popularity of bob is 10.
The popularity of chris is 4.
alice and bob are the most popular creators.
For bob, the video with the highest view count is "two".
For alice, the videos with the highest view count are "one" and "three". Since "one" is lexicographically smaller than "three", it is included in the answer.

Example 2:

Input: creators = ["alice","alice","alice"], ids = ["a","b","c"], views = [1,2,2]

Output: [["alice","b"]]

Explanation:

The videos with id "b" and "c" have the highest view count.
Since "b" is lexicographically smaller than "c", it is included in the answer.

## Trick

brute force, pretty much. three hashmap to track: total count of each person, max views of each person, best ID of each person.

iterator through the length once, and keep populating the hashmaps. TRICKY part: be careful of using the min ID when there two IDs have same maxViews.

Also to avoid looping again, keep a variable for "overall max views" to find the best youtubers.

At the end, iterate through the hashmaps to find the best youtubers.

## Code

```python
class Solution:
    def mostPopularCreator(self, creators: List[str], ids: List[str], views: List[int]) -> List[List[str]]:
        creatorCount = {}
        creatorMaxViews = {}
        creatorBestId = {}
        bestCount = -1

        for creator, id, view in zip(creators, ids, views):
            creatorCount[creator] = creatorCount.get(creator, 0) + view
            if view > creatorMaxViews.get(creator, -1):
                creatorMaxViews[creator] = view
                creatorBestId[creator] = id
            if view== creatorMaxViews.get(creator, -1):
                # lexicographically smallest
                creatorBestId[creator] = min(creatorBestId[creator], id)
            if creatorCount[creator] > bestCount:
                bestCount = creatorCount[creator]
        
        result = []
        for creator, count in creatorCount.items():
            if count == bestCount:
                result.append([creator,creatorBestId[creator]])
        return result
```
