## Problem

Given an array of strings words and a width maxWidth, format the text such that each line has exactly maxWidth characters and is fully (left and right) justified.

You should pack your words in a greedy approach; that is, pack as many words as you can in each line. Pad extra spaces ' ' when necessary so that each line has exactly maxWidth characters.

Extra spaces between words should be distributed as evenly as possible. If the number of spaces on a line does not divide evenly between words, the empty slots on the left will be assigned more spaces than the slots on the right.

For the last line of text, it should be left-justified, and no extra space is inserted between words.

Note:

A word is defined as a character sequence consisting of non-space characters only.
Each word's length is guaranteed to be greater than 0 and not exceed maxWidth.
The input array words contains at least one word.
 

Example 1:

Input: words = ["This", "is", "an", "example", "of", "text", "justification."], maxWidth = 16
Output:
[
   "This    is    an",
   "example  of text",
   "justification.  "
]
Example 2:

Input: words = ["What","must","be","acknowledgment","shall","be"], maxWidth = 16
Output:
[
  "What   must   be",
  "acknowledgment  ",
  "shall be        "
]
Explanation: Note that the last line is "shall be    " instead of "shall     be", because the last line must be left-justified instead of fully-justified.
Note that the second line is also left-justified because it contains only one word.
Example 3:

Input: words = ["Science","is","what","we","understand","well","enough","to","explain","to","a","computer.","Art","is","everything","else","we","do"], maxWidth = 20
Output:
[
  "Science  is  what we",
  "understand      well",
  "enough to explain to",
  "a  computer.  Art is",
  "everything  else  we",
  "do           


  ## Solution

  Maintain a list of words on the line, and the number of characters on that line.

  Use a while loop, not a for loop. because if we overflow, we dont want to increment just yet.

  in a while loop, check if adding the current word (and spaces) will cause overflow.
      if yes, then our line is complete.
          now compute the difference between numchars and maxWidth
          do integer division by (num words - 1) to get the number of spaces between any two words
          do mod division by (num words -1 ) to get the extra remainder spaces to be padded from left
          for each word in list of words:
              add the number of spaces to word
              if remainder:
                  add another space, and decrement remainder
           append to result
           reset list of words and number of chars
      if no, then add the word to the list of words, and add the number of characters.
  after the while we will stil have the last line in the list of words.
  left justify it here.

  ## Code

  neetcode